.TH "POWERCAP\-SET" "1" "2021-12-12" "powercap" "powercap\-set"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
powercap\-set \- manage power capping devices with the Linux power capping
framework
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBpowercap\-set\fP \fINAME\fP [\fIOPTION\fP]...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Sets configurations for a powercap control type.
.LP
The control type \fINAME\fP must not be empty or contain a '.' or '/'.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h,\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
Prints the help screen
.TP
\fB\-p,\fR \fB\-\-control\-type\fR=\fINAME\fP
Deprecated, provide \fINAME\fP as the first positional argument instead.
.TP
\fB\-z,\fR \fB\-\-zone=\fR\fIZONE(S)\fP
The zone/subzone numbers in the control type's powercap tree.
Separate zones/subzones with a colon.
E.g., for zone 0, subzone 2:
.br
\fB\-z 0:2\fP
.TP
\fB\-c,\fR \fB\-\-constraint\fR=\fICONSTRAINT\fP
The constraint number (none by default)
.TP
\fB\-E,\fR \fB\-\-enabled=1|0\fR
Enable/disable a control type
.LP
The following zone-level arguments may be used together and require
\-z/\-\-zone:
.TP
\fB\-j,\fR \fB\-\-z\-energy\fR
Reset zone energy counter
.TP
\fB\-e,\fR \fB\-\-z\-enabled=1|0\fR
Enable/disable a zone
.LP
The following constraint-level arguments may be used together and require
\-z/\-\-zone and \-c/\-\-constraint:
.TP
\fB\-l,\fR \fB\-\-c\-power\-limit=UW\fR
Set constraint power limit
.TP
\fB\-s,\fR \fB\-\-c\-time\-window=US\fR
Set constraint time window
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBpowercap\-set intel\-rapl \-z 0 \-e 1\fP
Enable zone 0 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-set intel\-rapl \-z 0:1 \-e 1\fP
Enable zone 0, subzone 1 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-set intel\-rapl \-z 0 \-c 1 \-l 25000000\fP
Set a power cap of 25 Watts (25000000 uW) on zone 0, constraint 1 for the
\fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-set intel\-rapl \-z 1:0 \-c 0 \-l 15000000 \-s 976\fP
Set a power cap of 15 Watts (15000000 uW) and time window of 976
microseconds on zone 1, subzone 0, constraint 0 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR
control type.
.SH "REMARKS"
.LP
Administrative (root) privileges are usually needed to use
\fBpowercap\-set\fR.
.LP
Setting constraint power cap and/or time limit values may not enable or
disable a zone/subzone - set the \-e/-\-z\-enabled flag explicitly.
.LP
The kernel may round power limits and time windows to discrete values
supported by the hardware, e.g., 28 seconds might round to 27983872
microseconds.
.LP
Power units: microwatts (uW)
.br
Time units: microseconds (us)
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/powercap/powercap>
.SH "FILES"
.nf
\fI/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/*\fP
.nf
\fI/sys/class/powercap/*\fP
.fi
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
Connor Imes <connor.k.imes@gmail.com>
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR powercap\-info (1)