.TH "POWERCAP-INFO" "1" "2021-12-12" "powercap" "powercap\-info"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
powercap\-info \- get information from the Linux power capping framework
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBpowercap\-info\fP [\fINAME\fP [\fIOPTION\fP]...] [\fB\-hv\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Prints configurations for powercap control types.
.LP
Output can be filtered by specifying a control type \fINAME\fP and
\fIOPTION\fP flags.
.LP
A control type \fINAME\fP must not be empty or contain a '.' or '/'.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h,\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
Prints the help screen
.TP
\fB\-v,\fR \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print errors when files cannot be read
.TP
\fB\-p,\fR \fB\-\-control\-type\fR=\fINAME\fP
Deprecated, provide \fINAME\fP as the first positional argument instead.
.LP
All remaining options below require a control type \fINAME\fP:
.TP
\fB\-z,\fR \fB\-\-zone=\fR\fIZONE(S)\fP
The zone/subzone numbers in the control type's powercap tree (control
type's root by default).
Separate zones/subzones with a colon.
E.g., for zone 0, subzone 2:
.br
\fB\-z 0:2\fP
.br
Ending with a colon prevents output for subzones.
E.g., for zone 0, but not subzones:
.br
\fB\-z 0:\fP
.TP
\fB\-c,\fR \fB\-\-constraint\fR=\fICONSTRAINT\fP
The constraint number
.TP
All remaining options below are mutually exclusive:
.TP
\fB\-E,\fR \fB\-\-enabled\fR
Print control type enabled/disabled status
.TP
\fB\-n,\fR \fB\-\-nzones\fR
Print the number of zones (control type's root by default; within the
\-z/\-\-zone level, if set)
.LP
The following are zone-level arguments and require \-z/\-\-zone:
.TP
\fB\-N,\fR \fB\-\-nconstraints\fR
Print the number of zone constraints
.TP
\fB\-j,\fR \fB\-\-z\-energy\fR
Print zone energy counter
.TP
\fB\-J,\fR \fB\-\-z\-max\-energy\-range\fR
Print zone maximum energy counter range
.TP
\fB\-w,\fR \fB\-\-z\-power\fR
Print zone current power
.TP
\fB\-W,\fR \fB\-\-z\-max\-power\-range\fR
Print zone maximum current power range
.TP
\fB\-e,\fR \fB\-\-z\-enabled\fR
Print zone enabled/disabled status
.TP
\fB\-x,\fR \fB\-\-z\-name\fR
Print zone name
.LP
The following are constraint-level arguments and require \-z/\-\-zone and
\-c/\-\-constraint:
.TP
\fB\-l,\fR \fB\-\-c\-power\-limit\fR
Print constraint power limit
.TP
\fB\-s,\fR \fB\-\-c\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint time window
.TP
\fB\-U,\fR \fB\-\-c\-max\-power\fR
Print constraint maximum allowed power
.TP
\fB\-u,\fR \fB\-\-c\-min\-power\fR
Print constraint minimum allowed power
.TP
\fB\-T,\fR \fB\-\-c\-max\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint maximum allowed time window
.TP
\fB\-t,\fR \fB\-\-c\-min\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint minimum allowed time window
.TP
\fB\-y,\fR \fB\-\-c\-name\fR
Print constraint name
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info\fP
Print all zones for all control types.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl\fP
Print all zones for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl \-z 0\fP
Print only zone 0 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl \-z 0:1\fP
Print zone 0, subzone 1 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl \-z 0 \-c 1\fP
Print zone 0, constraint 1 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl \-z 0 \-j\fP
Print the energy counter for zone 0 for the \fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.TP
\fBpowercap\-info intel\-rapl \-z 1:0 \-c 0 \-l\fP
Print the power limit for zone 1, subzone 0, constraint 0 for the
\fIintel\-rapl\fR control type.
.SH "REMARKS"
.LP
Some fields are optional and/or may require administrative (super\-user)
privileges to read.
.br
Fields will only be printed if they are available and readable, unless
\-v/\-\-verbose is set.
.br
If no subzone/constraint\-specific outputs are requested, all available
zones and constraints will be shown.
.LP
Energy units: microjoules (uJ)
.br
Power units: microwatts (uW)
.br
Time units: microseconds (us)
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/powercap/powercap>
.SH "FILES"
.nf
\fI/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/*\fP
.nf
\fI/sys/class/powercap/*\fP
.fi
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
Connor Imes <connor.k.imes@gmail.com>
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR powercap\-set (1)