.TH "RAPL\-INFO" "1" "2021-04-14" "powercap" "rapl\-info"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
rapl\-info \- get RAPL configurations
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBrapl\-info\fP [\fIOPTION\fP]...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
This utility is deprecated, use
.BR powercap\-info (1)
instead.
.LP
Prints out Intel Running Average Power Limit (RAPL) configurations.
.LP
Note that the \-p and \-z options are different from
.BR powercap\-info (1).
.LP
This software requires an Intel processor (Sandy Bridge or newer), Linux
kernel 3.13 or newer compiled with \fBCONFIG_POWERCAP\fR and
\fBCONFIG_INTEL_RAPL\fR enabled, and the \fBintel_rapl\fR kernel module to
be loaded.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h,\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
Prints out the help screen
.TP
\fB\-v,\fR \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Print errors when files are not available
.TP
\fB\-p,\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fP
The zone number (none by default; 0 by default if using \-z/\-\-subzone
and/or \-c/\-\-constraint).
Ending with a colon prevents output for subzones.
E.g., for zone 0, but not subzones:
.br
\fB\-p 0:\fP
.TP
\fB\-p,\fR \fB\-\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fP
Deprecated, use \-\-zone instead
.TP
\fB\-z,\fR \fB\-\-subzone=\fR\fISUBZONE\fP
The subzone number (none by default)
.TP
\fB\-c,\fR \fB\-\-constraint\fR=\fICONSTRAINT\fP
The constraint number (none by default)
.TP
All remaining options below are mutually exclusive:
.TP
\fB\-n,\fR \fB\-\-nzones\fR
Print the number of zones found, or the number of subzones found if
\-p/\-\-zone is set
.LP
The following are zone-level arguments (\-z/\-\-subzone is optional):
.TP
\fB\-j,\fR \fB\-\-z\-energy\fR
Print zone energy counter
.TP
\fB\-J,\fR \fB\-\-z\-max\-energy\-range\fR
Print zone maximum energy counter range
.TP
\fB\-w,\fR \fB\-\-z\-power\fR
Print zone current power
.TP
\fB\-W,\fR \fB\-\-z\-max\-power\-range\fR
Print zone maximum current power range
.TP
\fB\-e,\fR \fB\-\-z\-enabled\fR
Print zone enable/disabled status
.TP
\fB\-x,\fR \fB\-\-z\-name\fR
Print zone name
.LP
The following are constraint-level arguments and require
\-c/\-\-constraint (\-z/\-\-subzone is optional):
.TP
\fB\-l,\fR \fB\-\-c\-power\-limit\fR
Print constraint power limit
.TP
\fB\-s,\fR \fB\-\-c\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint time window
.TP
\fB\-U,\fR \fB\-\-c\-max\-power\fR
Print constraint maximum allowed power
.TP
\fB\-u,\fR \fB\-\-c\-min\-power\fR
Print constraint minimum allowed power
.TP
\fB\-T,\fR \fB\-\-c\-max\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint maximum allowed time window
.TP
\fB\-t,\fR \fB\-\-c\-min\-time\-window\fR
Print constraint minimum allowed time window
.TP
\fB\-y,\fR \fB\-\-c\-name\fR
Print constraint name
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP
Note that \-p/\-\-zone=0 is used by default when also specifying
\-z/\-\-subzone and/or \-c/\-\-constraint, allowing for simpler commands
on single-socket systems.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info\fP
Print all RAPL zones.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info \-p 0\fP
Print only zone 0, which is usually named \fBpackage\-0\fR.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info \-p 0 \-z 1\fP
Print zone 0, subzone 1, which is usually the \fBuncore\fR or
\fBdram\fR subzone of \fBpackage\-0\fR, depending on the system.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info \-p 0 \-c 1\fP
Print zone 0, constraint 1, which is usually the \fBshort_term\fR
constraint for \fBpackage\-0\fR.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info \-p 0 \-j\fP
Print the energy counter for zone 0, which is usually named
\fBpackage\-0\fR.
.TP
\fBrapl\-info \-p 1 \-z 0 \-c 0 \-l\fP
Print the power limit for zone 1, subzone 0, constraint 0, which is
usually the \fBlong_term\fR constraint for the \fBcore\fR subzone of
\fBpackage\-1\fR (a multi-socket system).
.SH "REMARKS"
.LP
Some fields are optional and will only be printed if they are available
unless \-v/\-\-verbose is set.
.br
If no zone/constraint-specific outputs are requested, all available
zones and constraints will be shown.
.LP
Energy units: microjoules (uJ)
.br
Power units: microwatts (uW)
.br
Time units: microseconds (us)
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
The following are behavioral quirks due to the kernel interface or
abnormalities in some hardware.
They are not bugs in \fBrapl\-info\fR and should not be reported as such.
.LP
Values returned by the kernel sometimes lose accuracy from the actual
values stored in Model-Specific Registers due to integer rounding.
For example, the kernel may return a time window value of 7812 us, when in
fact the actual stored value is 7812.5 us.
Writing back a value returned by the kernel, e.g., using rapl\-set(1), may
cause unexpected changes to its value due to these rounding problems.
.LP
At the time of this writing, some features in the powercap interface are not
supported by RAPL.
The following options may result in ENOENT (No such file or directory) errors:
  \fB\-w/\-\-z\-power\fR
  \fB\-W/\-\-z\-max\-power\-range\fR
  \fB\-u/\-\-c\-min\-power\fR
  \fB\-T/\-\-c\-max\-time\-window\fR
  \fB\-t/\-\-c\-min\-time\-window\fR
.LP
On some systems, the constraint max_power_uw file, e.g.,
constraint_0_max_power_uw, is known to receive an ENODATA (No data
available) error from the kernel for subzones.
So even though the file exists, a value may not be printed for it.
.LP
It is possible for packages on multi-socket systems to be indexed out of
order by the kernel.
For example, the package at index 0 (\fB\-p 0\fR) could actually be named
\fBpackage\-1\fR while the package at index 1 (\fB\-p 1\fR) is named
\fBpackage\-0\fR.
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/powercap/powercap>
.SH "FILES"
.nf
\fI/sys/devices/virtual/powercap/intel\-rapl/*\fP
.nf
\fI/sys/class/powercap/intel\-rapl/*\fP
.fi
.SH "AUTHORS"
.nf
Connor Imes <connor.k.imes@gmail.com>
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR powercap\-info (1),
.BR powercap\-set (1),
.BR rapl\-set (1)